---
title:  "Website v1.0 released!"
date:   2018-09-14 11:00:00 '-0700'
---

Good news! My blogging website has finally reach v1.0. That means this is a stable version with all the basic features for my blogging website.

So what are these basic features? Let's start with the design. From the last time I've updated the website many of the font sizes were too bold and there were two font types. But now I removed all bold fonts and reduced the font type to one which is Open Sans only. I feel that open sans is a great legible font and is easy on the eyes.

Next, scroll to the bottom of the page. That's right, a comment section! Now in order to keep my posts relevant and active is to engage the audience. I am using Disqus which is great because they offer a free version with no ads for personal websites like this one. Thanks Disqus! Here's a link to <a href="https://disqus.com/">Disqus</a> if interested.

I also made the terminal jumbotron a bit thinner. It got in the way of the content, which I find more important. I also quickened up the typing speed because no one wants to wait for the title to load for too long. The title's directory for posts got removed as well since it didn't look nice.

Each post now has its own image, by default it will be a newspaper, but in the front matter I can specify which image it can show. An added touch I made is that the images zoom in a bit when hovered over.

Comments are included with the post listings to show readers which post is popular. Right now it's not much and defaults to zero.

Information I changed behind the scene includes organizing the css. My css files are stored as scss, again great for modularity. I added a reset scss file because that gets rid of any annoying side effects that comes default with the browser. Then I walked though all the scss files, cleaned up unecessary bits, and added new formatting classes/tags. This took the longest to make my website look right.

Then I continued with smart uses of includes. In Jekyll, modularity is its strongest selling point. Jekyll parses the entire directory to find includes and front matter as building blocks for the website. The includes are actually part of a templating language called <a href="https://shopify.github.io/liquid/">Liquid</a> that handles a lot of the site-wide management.

Other things I added are <a href="https://analytics.google.com/analytics/web/">Google Analytics</a> and <a href="https://search.google.com/search-console">Google Search Console</a>. I'm using this to gauge how my website is doing. If I do get viral I will know! A policy with my website is that I am keeping it 100% advertisement free and will not sell your data. I just want this website to be about the things I love doing, programming and technology!

In the mist of writing this post, I just remembered that I forgot to put in syntax highlighting for code. I guess I'll save that for version 1.1. This website will always have room for improvement, until then, there will be no final version. Cheers!
