---
title:  "Website v1.1.1 released!"
date:   2021-01-02 10:00:00 '-0800'
---

New website update! This update shall be named the privacy update. It involves removing third-party tools such as disqus comments and google analytics from my website. In addition, I cleaned up some code and unrelated projects. Now my website is a lot leaner and less dependent on other third-party services.

However, my website is still using google fonts, and a handful of third party javascript code – PrismJS, lightgalleryJS, and TypewriterJS. But the good thing is that all of these are extremely lightweight and my website should still be extremely snappy.

Keeping in theme with this privacy update, I’ve decided to self-host my website! Yes, that’s right, this website is hosted using linuxserver’s swag docker container on my Proxmox VE server. I know right, nested containers! Self-hosting feels great and makes me feel in full control of my data. Plus no monthly fees! I highly recommend self-hosting whenever you can.

I’ve updated my projects page to include some of my sysadmin and game projects I’ve been working on since my last website update. I know it has been a while since I last updated this site. Hopefully I’ll keep a habit of adding projects as I go instead of updating all my projects in one chunk.

One last thing. You may have noticed that my website now has an updated home page! That’s right, I’ve decided to add a bit of tidbit of my about page to my home page with a link to it. It gives it more of a personal feel to my website and makes it easy for visitors to learn more about me.

Other than that, stay tuned for more website updates!

Here’s to having a bright 2021!
